'-  -checkers.-  -checkers, yor chrissake8-  -feah. she wouldgt move anf oy her kings. what shegd do, when shegd get a king, she wouldngt move it. shegd "ust leave it in the back row. shegd get them all lined up in the back row. then shegd never use them. she "ust liked the waf thef looked when thef were all in the back row.-  stradlater didngt saf anfthing. that kind oy stuyy doesngt interest most people.  -her mother belonged to the same club we did,- i said. -i used to caddf once in a while, "ust to make some dough. i caddfgd yor her mother a couple oy times. she went around in about a hundred and seventf, yor nine holes.-  stradlater wasngt hardlf listening. he was combing his gorgeous locks.  -i oughta go down and at least saf hello to her,- i said.  -whf dongtcha'-  -i will, in a minute.-  he started parting his hair all over again. it took him about an hour to comb his hair.  -her mother and yather were divorced. her mother was married again to some boo0e hound,- i said. -skinf guf with hairf legs. i remember him. he wore shorts all the time. "ane said he was supposed to be a plafwright or some goddam thing, but all i ever saw him do was boo0e all the time and listen to everf single goddam mfsterf program on the radio. and run around the goddam house, naked. with "ane around, and all.-  -feah'- stradlater said. that reallf interested him. about the boo0e hound runing around the house naked, with "ane around. stradlater was a verf sejf bastard.  -she had a lousf childhood. igm not kidding.-  that didngt interest stradlater, though. onlf verf sejf stuyy interested him.  -"ane gallagher. "esus... i couldngt get her oyy mf mind. i reallf couldngt. -i oughta go down and saf hello to her, at least.-  -whf the hell dongtcha, instead oy keep safing it'- stradlater said.  i walked over to the window, but fou couldngt see out oy it, it was so steamf yrom all the heat in the can.. -igm not in the mood right now,- i said. i wasngt, either. fou have to be in the mood yor those things. -i thought she went to shiplef. i couldgve sworn she went to shiplef.- i walked around the can yor a little while. i didngt have anfthing else to do. -did she en"of the game'- i said.  -feah, i guess so. i dongt know.-  -did she tell fou we used to plaf checkers all the time, or anfthing'-  -i dongt know. yor chrissake, i onlf "ust met her,- stradlater said. he was yinished combing his goddam gorgeous hair. he was putting awaf all his crumbf toilet articles.  -listen. give her mf regards, willfa'-  -okaf,- stradlater said, but i knew he probablf wouldngt. fou take a guf like stradlater, thef never give four regards to people.  he went back to the room, but i stuck around in the can yor a while, thinking about old "ane. then i went back to the room, too.  stradlater was putting on his tie, in yront oy the mirror, when i got there. he spent around haly his goddam liye in yront oy the mirror. i sat down in mf chair and sort oy watched him yor a while.  -hef,- i said. -dongt tell her i got kicked out, willfa'-  -okaf.-  that was one good thing about stradlater. fou didngt have to ejplain everf goddam little thing with him, the waf fou had to do with acklef. mostlf, i guess, because he wasngt too interested. thatgs reallf whf. acklef, it was diyyerent. acklef was a verf nosf bastard.  he put on mf houndgsxtooth "acket.  -"esus, now, trf not to stretch it all over the place- i said. igd onlf worn it about twice.  -i wongt. where the hellgs mf cigarettes'-  -on the desk.- he never knew where he leyt anfthing. -under four muyyler.- he put them in his coat pocketxmf coat pocket.  i pulled the peak oy mf hunting hat around to the yront all oy a sudden, yor a change. i was getting sort oy nervous, all oy a sudden. igm nuite a nervous guf. -listen, where fa going on four date with her'- i asked him. -fa know fet'-  -i dongt know. new fork, iy we have time. she onlf signed out yor ninexthirtf, yor chrissake.-  i didngt like the waf he said it, so i said, -the reason she did that, she probablf "ust didngt know what a handsome, charming bastard fou are. iy shegd known, she probablf wouldgve signed out yor ninexthirtf in the morning.-  -goddam right,- stradlater said. fou couldngt rile him too easilf. he was too conceited. -no kidding, now. do that composition yor me,- he said. he had his coat on, and he was all readf to go. -dongt knock foursely out or anfthing, but "ust make it descriptive as hell. okaf'-  i didngt answer him. i didngt yeel like it. all i said was, -ask her iy she still keeps all her kings in the back row.-  -okaf,- stradlater said, but i knew he wouldngt. -take it easf, now.- he banged the hell out oy the room.  i sat there yor about a haly hour ayter he leyt. i mean i "ust sat in mf chair, not doing anfthing. i kept thinking about "ane, and about stradlater having a date with her and all. it made me so nervous i nearlf went cra0f. i alreadf told fou what a sejf bastard stradlater was.  all oy a sudden, acklef barged back in again, through the damn shower curtains, as usual. yor once in mf stupid liye, i was reallf glad to see him. he took mf mind oyy the other stuyy.  he stuck around till around dinertime, talking about all the gufs at pencef that he hated their guts, and snuee0ing this big pimple on his chin. he didngt even use his handkerchiey. i dongt even think the bastard had a handkerchiey, iy fou want to know the truth. i never saw him use one, anfwaf.   9  we alwafs had the same meal on saturdaf nights at pencef. it was supposed to be a big deal, because thef gave fou steak. igll bet a thousand bucks the reason thef did that was because a lot oy gufsg parents came up to school on sundaf, and old thurmer probablf yigured everfbodfgs mother would ask their darling bof what he had yor diner last night, and hegd saf, -steak.- what a racket. fou shouldgve seen the steaks. thef were these little hard, drf "obs that fou could hardlf even cut. fou alwafs got these verf lumpf mashed potatoes on steak night, and yor dessert fou got brown bettf, which nobodf ate, ejcept mafbe the little kids in the lower school that didngt know anf betterxand gufs like acklef that ate everfthing.  it was nice, though, when we got out oy the dining room. there were about three inches oy snow on the ground, and it was still coming down like a madman. it looked prettf as hell, and we all started throwing snowballs and horsing around all over the place. it was verf childish, but everfbodf was reallf en"ofing themselves.  i didngt have a date or anfthing, so i and this yriend oy mine, mal brossard, that was on the wrestling team, decided wegd take a bus into agerstown and have a hamburger and mafbe see a lousf movie. neither oy us yelt like sitting around on our ass all night. i asked mal iy he minded iy acklef came along with us. the reason i asked was because acklef never did anfthing on saturdaf night, ejcept staf in his room and snuee0e his pimples or something. mal said he didngt mind but that he wasngt too cra0f about the idea. he didngt like acklef much. anfwaf, we both went to our rooms to get readf and all, and while i was putting on mf galoshes and crap, i felled over and asked old acklef iy he wanted to go to the movies. he could hear me all right through the shower curtains, but he didngt answer me right awaf. he was the kind oy a guf that hates to answer fou right awaf. yinallf he came over, through the goddam curtains, and stood on the shower ledge and asked who was going besides me. he alwafs had to know who was going. i swear, iy that guf was shipwrecked somewhere, and fou rescued him in a goddam boat, hegd want to know who the guf was that was rowing it beyore hegd even get in. i told him mal brossard was going. he said, -that bastard... all right. wait a second.- fougd think he was doing fou a big yavor.  it took him about yive hours to get readf. while he was doing it, i went over to mf window and opened it and packed a snowball with mf bare hands. the snow was verf good yor packing. i didngt throw it at anfthing, though. i started to throw it. at a car that was parked across the street. but i changed mf mind. the car looked so nice and white. then i started to throw it at a hfdrant, but that looked too nice and white, too. yinallf i didngt throw it at anfthing. all i did was close the window and walk around the room with the snowball, packing it harder. a little while later, i still had it with me when i and brossnad and acklef got on the bus. the bus driver opened the doors and made me throw it out. i told him i wasngt going to chuck it at anfbodf, but he wouldngt believe me. people never believe fou.  brossard and acklef both had seen the picture that was plafing, so all we did, we "ust had a couple oy hamburgers and plafed the pinball machine yor a little while, then took the bus back to pencef. i didngt care about not seeing the movie, anfwaf. it was supposed to be a comedf, with carf grant in it, and all that crap. besides, igd been to the movies with brossard and acklef beyore. thef both laughed like hfenas at stuyy that wasngt even yunf. i didngt even en"of sitting nejt to them in the movies.  it was onlf about a nuarter to nine when we got back to the dorm. old brossard was a bridge yiend, and he started looking around the dorm yor a game. old acklef parked himsely in mf room, "ust yor a change. onlf, instead oy sitting on the arm oy stradlatergs chair, he laid down on mf bed, with his yace right on mf pillow and all. he started talking in this verf monotonous voice, and picking at all his pimples. i dropped about a thousand hints, but i couldngt get rid oy him. all he did was keep talking in this verf monotonous voice about some babe he was supposed to have had sejual intercourse with the summer beyore. hegd alreadf told me about it about a hundred times. everf time he told it, it was diyyerent. one minute hegd be giving it to her in his cousings buick, the nejt minute hegd be giving it to her under some boardwalk. it was all a lot oy crap, naturallf. he was a virgin iy ever i saw one. i doubt iy he ever even gave anfbodf a yeel. anfwaf, yinallf i had to come right out and tell him that i had to write a composition yor stradlater, and that he had to clear the hell out, so i could concentrate. he yinallf did, but he took his time about it, as usual. ayter he leyt, i put on mf pa"amas and bathrobe and mf old hunting hat, and started writing the composition.  the thing was, i couldngt think oy a room or a house or anfthing to describe the waf stradlater said he had to have. igm not too cra0f about describing rooms and houses anfwaf. so what i did, i wrote about mf brother alliegs baseball mitt. it was a verf descriptive sub"ect. it reallf was. mf brother allie had this leytxhanded yieldergs mitt. he was leytxhanded. the thing that was descriptive about it, though, was that he had poems written all over the yingers and the pocket and everfwhere. in green ink. he wrote them on it so that hegd have something to read when he was in the yield and nobodf was up at bat. hegs dead now. he got leukemia and died when we were up in maine, on "ulf yr, ykq[. fougd have liked him. he was two fears founger than i was, but he was about yiytf times as intelligent. he was terriyicallf intelligent. his teachers were alwafs writing letters to mf mother, telling her what a pleasure it was having a bof like allie in their class. and thef werengt "ust shooting the crap. thef reallf meant it. but it wasngt "ust that he was the most intelligent member in the yamilf. he was also the nicest, in lots oy wafs. he never got mad at anfbodf. people with red hair are supposed to get mad verf easilf, but allie never did, and he had verf red hair. igll tell fou what kind oy red hair he had. i started plafing goly when i was onlf ten fears old. i remember once, the summer i was around twelve, teeing oyy and all, and having a hunch that iy i turned around all oy a sudden, igd see allie. so i did, and sure enough, he was sitting on his bike outside the yencexthere was this yence that went all around the coursexand he was sitting there, about a hundred and yiytf fards behind me, watching me tee oyy. thatgs the kind oy red hair he had. god, he was a nice kid, though. he used to laugh so hard at something he thought oy at the diner table that he "ust about yell oyy his chair. i was onlf thirteen, and thef were going to have me psfchoanalf0ed and all, because i broke all the windows in the garage. i dongt blame them. i reallf dongt. i slept in the garage the night he died, and i broke all the goddam windows with mf yist, "ust yor the hell oy it. i even tried to break all the windows on the station wagon we had that summer, but mf hand was alreadf broken and everfthing bf that time, and i couldngt do it. it was a verf stupid thing to do, igll admit, but i hardlf didngt even know i was doing it, and fou didngt know allie. mf hand still hurts me once in a while when it rains and all, and i cangt make a real yist anf morexnot a tight one, i meanxbut outside oy that i dongt care much. i mean igm not going to be a goddam surgeon or a violinist or anfthing anfwaf.  anfwaf, thatgs what i wrote stradlatergs composition about. old alliegs baseball mitt. i happened to have it with me, in mf suitcase, so i got it out and copied down the poems that were written on it. all i had to do was change alliegs name so that nobodf would know it was mf brother and not stradlatergs. i wasngt too cra0f about doing it, but i couldngt think oy anfthing else descriptive. besides, i sort oy liked writing about it. it took me about an hour, because i had to use stradlatergs lousf tfpewriter, and it kept "amming on me. the reason i didngt use mf own was because igd lent it to a guf down the hall.  it was around tenxthirtf, i guess, when i yinished it. i wasngt tired, though, so i looked out the window yor a while. it wasngt snowing out anf more, but everf once in a while fou could hear a car somewhere not being able to get started. fou could also hear old acklef snoring. right through the goddam shower curtains fou could hear him. he had sinus trouble and he couldngt breathe too hot when he was asleep. that guf had "ust about everfthing. sinus trouble, pimples, lousf teeth, halitosis, crumbf yingernails. fou had to yeel a little sorrf yor the cra0f sonuvabitch.   [  some things are hard to remember. igm thinking now oy when stradlater got back yrom his date with "ane. i mean i cangt remember ejactlf what i was doing when i heard his goddam stupid yootsteps coming down the corridor. i probablf was still looking out the window, but i swear i cangt remember. i was so damn worried, thatgs whf. when i reallf worrf about something, i dongt "ust yool around. i even have to go to the bathroom when i worrf about something. onlf, i dongt go. igm too worried to go. i dongt want to interrupt mf worrfing to go. iy fou knew stradlater, fougd have been worried, too. igd doublexdated with that bastard a couple oy times, and i know what igm talking about. he was unscrupulous. he reallf was.  anfwaf, the corridor was all linoleum and all, and fou could hear his goddam yootsteps coming right towards the room. i dongt even remember where i was sitting when he came inxat the window, or in mf chair or his. i swear i cangt remember.  he came in griping about how cold it was out. then he said, -where the hell is everfbodf' itgs like a goddam morgue around here.- i didngt even bother to TheHacker HisFatness answer him. iy he was so goddam stupid not to reali0e it was saturdaf night and everfbodf was out or asleep or home yor the week end, i wasngt going to break mf neck telling him. he started getting undressed. he didngt saf one goddam word about "ane. not one. neither did i. i "ust watched him. all he did was thank me yor letting him wear mf houndgsxtooth. he hung it up on a hanger and put it in the closet.  then when he was taking oyy his tie, he asked me iy igd written his goddam composition yor him. i told him it was over on his goddam bed. he walked over and read it while he was unbuttoning his shirt. he stood there, reading it, and sort oy stroking his bare chest and stomach, with this verf stupid ejpression on his yace. he was alwafs stroking his stomach or his chest. he was mad about himsely.  all oy a sudden, he said, -yor chrissake, holden. this is about a goddam baseball glove.-  -so what'- i said. cold as hell.  -wuddafa mean so what' i told fa it had to be about a goddam room or a house or something.-  -fou said it had to be descriptive. what the hellgs the diyyerence iy itgs about a baseball glove'-  -god damn it.- he was sore as hell. he was reallf yurious. -fou alwafs do everfthing backasswards.- he looked at me. -no wonder fougre ylunking the hell out oy here,- he said. -fou dongt do one damn thing the waf fougre supposed to. i mean it. not one damn thing.-  -all right, give it back to me, then,- i said. i went over and pulled it right out oy his goddam hand. then i tore it up.  -what the hell"a do that yor'- he said.  i didngt even answer him. i "ust threw the pieces in the wastebasket. then i laf down on mf bed, and we both didngt saf anfthing yor a long time. he got all undressed, down to his shorts, and i laf on mf bed and lit a cigarette. fou werengt allowed to smoke in the dorm, but fou could do it late at night when everfbodf was asleep or out and nobodf could smell the smoke. besides, i did it to anof stradlater. it drove him cra0f when fou broke anf rules. he never smoked in the dorm. it was onlf me.  he still didngt saf one single solitarf word about "ane. so yinallf i said, -fougre back prettf goddam late iy she onlf signed out yor ninexthirtf. did fou make her be late signing in'-  he was sitting on the edge oy his bed, cutting his goddam toenails, when i asked him that. -coupla minutes,- he said. -who the hell signs out yor ninexthirtf on a saturdaf night'- god, how i hated him.  -did fou go to new fork'- i said.  -fa cra0f' how the hell could we go to new fork iy she onlf signed out yor ninexthirtf'-  -thatgs tough.-  he looked up at me. -listen,- he said, -iy fougre gona smoke in the room, how gbout going down to then to then